# Property Management System
Property management systems work with APU course mates Edmund Chen Siang Zuan @XZ24 and Nadila binti Ahmad Shahrul Nizam @nadilanizam

Parkhill Residence Condominium's property management system is a piece of software that performs as a centrally controlled system for coordinating, monitoring, and managing a condominium establishment's daily activities using object-oriented programming. Eight different types of users can access the property management system built and deploy for the Parkhill Residence Condominium. The eight types of users include the building manager, account executive, admin executive, building executive, resident or tenant, vendor, security guard, and visitors. The primary aim of creating the system was to alleviate users' workload by developing a unified system. To implement OOP in the Parkhill Residence Condominium's property management system, individual classes will be created for each user type, such as Building_Manager,Account_Executive, Admin_Executive, Building_Executive, Resident, Vendor, SecurityGuard, and others. These classes have properties and methods that define each user's responsibilities and role. These classes can interact with one another through inheritance, encapsulation, abstraction, modularity and polymorphism to create a cohesive and flexible system. This technique can increase the system's modularity, maintainability, and scalability, making it simpler to add new features or modify ones in the future. Since each of the eight users serves a different purpose as a user, they each have separate access points to the system. Aside from the visitors, the remaining seven users can log in and out of the system to perform various responsibilities they have been assigned. Higher-level management typically has greater access to the system. The building manager, for example, can manage the system's numerous users, develop, and monitor various reports, plan operations OODJ Group 47 Page 11 of 257 and budgets for fund distribution and maintenance, and manage the team structure. Account executives can send invoices, receipts, and statements to residents, tenants, and vendors, record, view, edit payments and collect delinquent fees. As an admin executive, one may oversee the condominium's many units, renters, residents, complaints, personnel, facilities, and facility booking. Finally, the building executive can assign and prioritize employee tasks, complaints, patrolling schedules, and work reports.Considering lower-level management has less responsibility in the management system, they may not require access to certain technical functionalities. For instance, residents and tenants are limited to accessing and editing their profiles, making payments or deposits, examining their payment history, pending fees, statements, bills, and receipts, applying for facility booking and visiting cards and registering complaints. Likewise, vendors are restricted from accessing and editing their profile, paying for rent, utilities, and services, examining their payment history, pending fees, bills, statements, and receipts, and registering complaints. On the other hand, security guards have different functionalities, such as inspecting visitor passes,recording and updating visitor admission and checkpoint check-in, and recording and updating an incident.
